[Chunk 1]
 Hello future B. Hello future B. Good morning, ma'am. I'm being calling from the SBI bank. We have received a complaint regarding your extra charges on EMI. Yes, I have received. Ma'am, may I know your loan reference number please? Okay. Should I share the last four digit? Yes, ma'am. It's 4792. Thank you for confirming, ma'am. Ma'am, can I know what are the specific extra charges that you notice? You know EMI statement? Okay. I am receiving from last month the extra charges of Rs.650. Okay. And I've paid that even in the last month and this month also I have paid. Ma'am, actually we noticed that your EMI was not paid on the time. And so these are the late charges that has been applied for the EMI. In the month of February and March, do you say that like I have paid my EMI late? Yes, ma'am. Of the day, it was supposed to get deducted from your account. It got cancelled because of the less balance in your bank account. Which you know, when you re initiated the EMI deduction, that is when we charge this extra charges, ma'am. But my account was like there was money for the EMI process because I keep money like on the first of every month. So that my EMI gets deducted on third. So on first, my account was updated. I can show you the like my past book update. Ma'am, because what we are seeing here, ma'am, as per your previous details, till the month of January, we did not find any search account balance issues. Because of which the extra charge was not happened as you can notice that it's happened only last twice. It's the reason, ma'am, because the day it was supposed to get deducted on third of February. So the less bank balance minimum balance that was required, it was after deducting the EMI amount, it was getting more lesser than that because of which we did not deduct on that day. And the late charges are applied after some days when you came back to was telling that the EMI amount was not deducted on that day. I approached the bank because my EMI amount was not being deducted till 7th of the month, till 7th of every my EMI amount was not deducted.

[Chunk 2]
 that's why I approached the bank because on the first of February I have kept my money for EMI but still it got bounced and still I got the extra charges even I paid the extra charges then again in this month the same thing happened that's why I have reasoned inquiry May I know last month when this late thing happened did you reach out to any of the customer service person or it was directly you approached the bank? No I directly approached to the bank like my nearest SBI bank for the inquiry they told me to connect with the person who has given me the loan so loan insurance Yeah the loan insurance then I connected with that person and he told that this like the way you are telling that the money is being the money was not there that's why it got deducted the detection was not done that's why the penalty was paid so but I'm sorry for the inconvenience that has caused it might have happened that because you did not raise your complaint to the customer service last month it was not rectified by the banking officials as you reached your own loan in charge directly this time also we would like to tell you that you okay I will also keep it noted here that this has been happening twice this time also I'm sorry for the inconvenience but you will have to go back to your loan in charge and ask him to update in the banking records that this has been happening and we need to check with your savings account bank in charge also like why is this happening they need to give us the updated statement so that these extra charges are not applied I'm sorry for the inconvenience yes yes I will okay I will just two minutes as you know the loan department works differently from the banking account what happens is sometimes these discrepancies happen so just make sure that you tell your banking representative to just keep this updated and from next time month for any such issues that's been automatically deducted from your account first please approach your customer service man okay sure I will and I'll provide all my details if needed yes man thank you so much for your time ma'am I'm sorry for the inconvenience